hello everybody welcome to the Diego
show I'm Diego obviously we have a very
special show tonight I'm here with the
world champion boxer I'm former world
champion what do you mean well the last
fight that I fought that was the money
fight last but come on bro last fight
for real
absolutely that's like the fifth time
you said that third three strikes in
Europe it is for real for real or am I
gonna hear in the news tomorrow you're
fighting somebody else Oh have you of me
absolutely not quite they're gonna try
to get me to fight an alien on another
planet I thought you didn't drink
thank you for doing this I know you're
busy with the strip club with all this
stuff you straighten your whole
collection unbelievable place
unbelievable your girl collection right
there we're great right behind us look
at at two five eight zero South Highland
Drive Las Vegas Nevada eight nine one
zero nine beautiful place amazing I get
a boner I don't have a penis and I get a
boner how many times have you lost a
fight I'm just curious
fifty um zero and fifty you've lost 55
yes I lost 50 fights hard I'm a good
champion the champion of losing as
anybody else confused let's move on at
the one okay visit your friends call
your Floyd money Mayweather what is that
your is that your middle name is that
your real middle name there's more real
middle name waiting yeah
from birth my what's going on shoes do
you put that right over your head $100
that's how much I paid for your fight
the McGregor fight was worth you can I
can I just ask you a very very
straightforward question how much money
do you have in your bank account which
account which bank you have more than
one account absolutely I don't even have
one account give me give me the amount
of money you have in one of your
accounts
okay cool two hundred million three
hundred million dollars yeah
the different accounts can I borrow like
twenty dollars I'll just get you a
hundred I know but that was for the
fight now I need an extra twenty we'll
talk about it later we'll talk about the
Floyd money Mayweather I don't carry 20
okay listen
champ how many girlfriend how many
girlfriends do have be honest well yeah
well I don't deal with girls how many
women have sorry I don't probably boom
o7d look you know lucky says that seven
be like 7:07 deep that's de P 77 deep
like seven girls Jim I can't even deal
with one how do you do it you know we go
out to eat some of us travel together
you know having one is too close to have
a nun you have any advice for somebody
like me I'm married by the way
get in divorce I'm miserable you get in
divorce you bring your wife here in to
her this is your favorite place to come
when she make you up we seen my wife
that's how you get a divorce he's a he's
a he's a boxer and a genius
ladies and gentlemen big fan of TMT
burned you what does it stand for by the
way I never on what does it stand for
the Mayweather team I heard somewhere
that was it stands for too many tacos
that sounds like a fake life
it was faking some that's you laughing
yeah yeah do you hear your legs what you
hear you're like you don't have hair on
your legs numb too smooth for that I
thought what are you a swimmer now how
many cars you have in Las Vegas Nevada
25 probably about 25 I have a bike I got
a car right behind there's one of my
cars - actually I got I have a bike not
like a hardy David I'm sorry I have a
bicycle look there's my rear body right
here right I have a bicycle and there's
my Ferrari right there rapid-fire
questions with Floyd Mayweather former
champion and that was swimmer number one
what's your favorite color green what'd
you eat for dinner today
did I eat well rapid-fire or not take
your time what's your favorite sports
team whatever team winner who's your
favorite superhero Floyd Mayweather
if you Jesus Christ if you could punch
anybody in the face would it be you okay
that's messed up
what's your favorite theater Swift song
no no Taylor Swift song okay fine what
what's your favorite Demi Lovato song I
like all her music okay what's your
favorite ariana grande song I don't know
what are we gonna re r grande wasn't it
are you Randy I don't know okay well I
really don't even know her name
was he who's your favorite sitting there
go my song that give me that at least
it'll just be 4x girl favorite fifth
harmony song is the Jesus Christ Floyd I
mean it there's more to life than just
strip clubs and being very rich when I
say Floyd you say Mayweather Floyd okay
cool Jim there's gonna be the last
question of the night are you ready yes
can I please walk you out on your next
fight I'm not fighting I just don't
believe you dude I don't believe it bro
I do not believe it you go don't do it
okay okay I take it back I think I take
it back
now be honest you're fighting again
right no should I retire I should get a
job first before I do that huh I'm
trying to get a divorce help me out
please
I hate her Freud I hate her tell him on
a half-size juice I tried that one time
and she punched me harder than you
punched Gregor you're doing like that
Diego I saw you'll do it my $100
champ it was a pleasure sitting down
with you such positivity it's amazing
thank you very much
I'm a fan thanks for sitting down with
me okay I appreciate you my buddy
if you want to wire me some money I'm
not gonna say no okay what bank you will
Banco de Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu
the Americo econ socket daughters eco
[__] I'm gonna I'm gonna plug the
strip club for the 17th time here we go
girl collection do not forget to come
back girl collection 2 5 8 0 South
Highland Drive Las Vegas Nevada 8 9 1 0
9 best place on earth hands-down you did
that better
me you should hire me maybe thank you do
anything
Thank You chef my buddy good night guys
I'm okay I'm okay but look it I got the
plug on the funnel cake wait and they
plug on the funnel cake
my times rabbit and I'll be running late
this was in Louisville